Tables:
1.       Login information table – for authentication
2.       Orders – Deliveries or pickups, will create a unique id to attach to shopping cart and carry forward.
3.       Shopping Cart – items being ordered during the ordering process
4.       What Ordered – once paid for, what was ordered
5.       History – once order completed, history of all orders
6.       Stock – inventory of items that can be ordered
 
Layout for user side:
1.       Homepage
2.       Login Page – Authentication process
    a.       Registration page – POST request to ‘login information’ table
3.       Personal Page
    a.       Calendar of user personal deliveries? – GET request from ‘orders’ table
    b.       Make Orders Button
        i.      Delivery/Pickup
            1.       Pick order time? GET request for availability from ‘orders’ table, POST to ‘orders’ table for ‘order’ being made, GET request from ‘Orders’ for order_id
        ii.      Week 1 order – GET request from ‘stock’, POST to ‘shopping cart’ for each item with order id from delivery
        iii.      Week 2 order – GET request from ‘stock’, POST to ‘shopping cart’ for each item with order id from delivery
        iv.      Week 3 order – GET request from ‘stock’, POST to ‘shopping cart’ for each item with order id from delivery
        v.      Week 4 order – GET request from ‘stock’, POST to ‘shopping cart’ for each item with order id from delivery
        vi.      Payment – Payment processing, GET all instances from shopping cart and POST to What ordered table
    c.       Edit Current Orders Button
        i.      View current orders add in buttons for cancelling with individual meals, not full week. Must lock if delivery has already been made – GET for viewing, POST for editing
        ii.      Send notification to manager
    d.       View Prior Orders Button
        i.      View for all prior orders from user. Include status, time, price, etc – GET for prior orders (Manager side must move what ordered to history table)
 
Layout for manager side:
1.       Login page – Authentication process
2.       Personal Page
    a.       Calendar of all deliveries? – GET request from ‘orders’ table for all orders
    b.       Edit Current Orders Button
        i.      View current orders add in buttons for cancelling with individual meals, not full week. Must lock if delivery has already been made – GET from ‘what ordered’ table for viewing, POST to ‘what ordered’ for editing
        ii.      Complete orders button – GET request from ‘what ordered’, POST to ‘history’ table
    c.       View Prior Orders Button
        i.      View for all prior orders from user. Include status, time, price, etc – GET from ‘history’ for prior orders (Manager side must move ‘what ordered’ to ‘history’ table)
3.       Reporting page – pull reports for:
    a.       Items needing to be made now – GET request from ‘what ordered’ table
    b.       Abandoned orders – GET request from ‘shopping cart’ of orders older than X time
4.       Edit items for sale page
    a.       GET request from ‘stock’ to see what is currently there, POST to ‘stock’ to update the items. [Need to account for pictures]
 